chore(suite): fiat rates to common (#9292)
trezor/trezor-suite: docs/features/fiat-rates.md

### Current fiat rates

Every rate stored in `wallet.fiat` reducer is checked in 2-minute interval. If the rate is older then 10 minutes then it is refetched. Although this shouldn't really be necessary thanks to live updates from Blockbook, the same logic is also used for ERC-20 tokens and XRP where we don't have a comfort of receiving these updates and we are relying on manual checks.

#### Current fiat rates for ERC-20 tokens

List of tokens is part of the account object (`account.tokens`).

> Fiat rates for ERC-20 tokens are fetched on `ACCOUNT.CREATE` (fired during account discovery) and `ACCOUNT.UPDATE` (new token can appear after receiving a token transaction). These actions are interc-epted in `fiatRatesMiddleware`.

Reviewer: funny find&replace typo 😉 
```suggestion
Fiat rates for ERC-20 tokens are fetched on `ACCOUNT.CREATE` (fired during account discovery) and `ACCOUNT.UPDATE` (new token can appear after receiving a token transaction). These actions are intercepted in `fiatRatesMiddleware`.
```
